Sure thing.
Now we know how to create external rings.
What about internal.
What you see at the moment.
We have only one home homepage but eventually for the project let's say we're going I am the about page
the contact page.
So we would need to set up some kind of navigation board in order to set up the navigation we would
need to have the links that would point to those pages.
How do we do that.
Well first of all it's great that new page said say the new page is gonna be about HCM now.
Now we're you know how to create a structure.
Again all going to have a simple exclamation mark.
And then let's say in the title.
That's right.
Not document and let's say about then we're gonna know that we're navigating through about page and
then right away let's create first of all link that's gonna be pointing back to the homepage.
So as we know again it's going to be very simple.
We just have the link and then here we're going to be pointing to somewhere now in this case we're not
pointing back to the Demi.
In this case we're gonna say where we would like to go and in our case we would like to go back to the
homepage.
So as you can see we just need to point to the correct file whereas the homepage and that's right here
back to home page because that's gonna be enough.
I also like to remind you or to show you that we can write anything within the link.
What's important is the atrium.
So regardless of what we write over here we're gonna be navigating to whatever we're pointing to.
We're nature.
So just because we're saying here let's say God you Demi doesn't mean that we're gonna go to you Demi
This is just gonna be text that's being rendered not once we have our about h the email set up we'll
head over back to indexation email and maybe somewhere on the top the image again we're going to create
a new link.
And in this case we're gonna be navigating to about HMO.
So within the home page we're going to be pointing to about page on let's say about age or just about
IS GONNA BE GOOD ENOUGH.
NOW LET'S SAVE THIS.
AND SURE ENOUGH NOW I HAVE MY LINK now in this case if I'm gonna click on the about notice I'm navigating
through the about page since I know that first of all the title's different as well as I have my link
and if I'm gonna click on the web page then I'm going to navigate back to the homepage.
So this is how we set up links internally within our project.